Hi.
Once you complete your app and once you ensure that your app meets the expectations of Apple then you're
ready to sign your app and upload it to the App Store in order to do that.
You have to go developer dot apple dot com.
One more time to go into your account in order to upload your app.
You have to have a developer account.
Okay.
In case you don't have you can click over here and sign in with your Apple I.D. and then come over here
to membership tab in order to sign up for Apple Developer account membership.
Unfortunately you're going to have to pay for that.
It costs a hundred dollars per year right now.
So it's kind of expensive.
For example in Google Play we only pay twenty five dollars just for once but here we pay one hundred
dollars annually.
So that's the policy for Apple.
But if you want to publish your app to the App Store unfortunately you're going to have to do that.
So after you get your developer account then you will reach this menu.
Okay and make sure after you get this developer account come over here to preferences and under a council
tab.
Make sure that your Apple I.D. your developer I.D. is connected over here so you can just connect by
selecting Apple I.D. and signing in with your gmail or any other mail account and your password.
They polite password.
Okay so make sure your developer I.D. is connected to your ex quote because that's what you will need
bi you try to upload your app to the App Store so after that you're going to have to go to decertify
Gates identifiers and profiles after you click over here you will see some menu and in this menus you
will see some search of goods identifiers devices profiles.
And don't worry we're going to work with most of them anyway.
And in fact in push notifications section we have worked with them but in case you missed them Don't
worry we're going to do everything from scratch.
First of all we are going to create an identifier and this certificate and together with the search
get an identifier we were going to create a profile.
So that's what we going to use to upload our app.
We're going to need a profile.
First step would be to create an identifier.
So if you hit this plus button you will see some big menu.
So we're looking for app I.D. and menu choose your app I.D. you will see some bucks asking for your
bundle I.D. So come over here to your general settings and copy your bundle identifier from your project
and pasted in here.
And in this description bugs you're going to have to give some description for your identifier.
You can just write your app name like this and just hit continue.
And of course over here don't forget to Choose your platform.
And under here these capabilities if you're looking for a capability you're more than welcome to choose
it.
So remember we have done that in the push notifications section but right now I'm going to register
this so that I can see my app in this list.
As you can see now I see the app store test over here and it means that it's registered to my developer
account.
After doing the identifiers we're going to have to create our shirt.
So go over your certificates in which you can see your existing certificates as well.
For example I have some distribution and development certificates over here but I'm not interested in
those.
I'm just going to create a new certificate because I want to have a April distribution search for kids
in which I can publish my app for X called eleven and a bowl.
So in here you can see some push notification services but I'm not interested in that anymore.
I am rather interested in this apple distribution service.
So come over here to software and find some distribution certificate which lets you upload your apps
sign your app and which lets you upload an app that is created with X Code eleven and a.
So as you can see the second choice is for me.
So I'm looking for does X called eleven and a bow and I'm not looking for development.
I'm looking for distribution.
Development means I'm still in the development phase so I want to test my app so that I can just upload
it and use it something with something called test flight.
So I don't need that.
I'm just trying to distribute my app in the app store because I'm finished.
Right.
So rather than development I'm going to go for distribution and this this is actually true for other
steps as well.
You will see some sort of development and distribution differentiation in other steps.
And in here it asks us to create a CSR file and if you click on this learn more think it will give you
a documentation to create your signing requests.
And if you haven't done this yet you can of course follow this documentation but I'm going to show you
anyway.
So open your search box and search for a key chain access.
So this is key chain.
Remember we store our passwords.
We saw our assertive kids inside of our mac book in the key chain access.
So we are going to use this key chain access to create a new certificate signing to request.
So this will know this search good will come from us.
So after you come over here to certificate assistant find and this option request the certificate from
a certificate authority.
So it will ask you to provide an email address and then name.
So make sure you save this to disk and then again after you provide your email address you're more than
welcome to write your own name or your organization's name in the coming name section.
OK.
So after you do that make sure you don't provide any CIA email address and save it to the disk.
I'm going to save it to my desktop so that I can easily reach it later on because we're going to need
it to upload over here.
So if you choose that file that's certs forget signing your request that we have just created.
You can hit continue.
And here it will create a new certificate for you as you can see.
Now you can download your certs for good and it will appear in your developer account any time you are
you try to create something like provisioning profile.
So let me bring in bring this into my desktop as well.
And then I can go back not the third step would be to go into the profiles tab to create a provisioning
profile.
So in here regrouping to create what we need to upload our app to the App Store.
Finally.
So after you create your shirt.
Good.
And after you register your identifier then you're more than welcome to come over here and hit this
plus sign.
And in here as you can see there is a development section and distribution section.
And for the reasons that I have explained before I'm going to go for distribution and I'm going to choose
the App Store.
So once I continue I can choose my app from this app idea list.
So I'm going to choose my app store test and I'm going to continue.
So this will ask me for my distribution certificate and I'm going to choose the latest one.
And as you can see this is X Code eleven or later.
So I'm going to proceed with this and say continue.
And once I provide the provisioning profile name I can generate this.
So I'm going to call this app store test profile and it will.
Jen it will generate this provisioning profile for me that I can download this and move this to my desktop
as well.
So that's it.
That's all you have to do to complete your procedures about search forgets identifiers and profiles.
OK.
Once you do that now you're done with developer dub Apple dot com.
Actually now we want to go to another Web site in which we will manage our uploaded apps or in which
we will just upload a new app and it's called App Store connect that Apple dot com.
Maybe you have heard this as items connect that Apple dot com before but now it's renamed.
So if you go to I tos and I connect dots Apple dot com it will redirect you to the App Store connect
dot the apple dot com anyway.
So this is a great platform by Apple in which we can interact with our apps.
So if we don't have any app we can upload any one.
And if we have existing apps we can check for their statistics by clicking on this app analytics.
OK in this account I don't have any pre installed apps so I believe you're going to see an empty page
in which we will have some empty tables like this.
OK.
So you can see the impressions you can see the downloads numbers and everything over here.
So let me go back to app store that's Apple dot com so that we can add a new app.
OK.
You will see my app section if you click over here it will take you to your pre-existing apps or if
you want to add a new app you can do it from here as well.
So if you come over here to plus sign if you say new app it will let you create a new app.
And as you can see I believe there is an agreement update.
So we have to accept that agreement first.
So let me click on that agreement and here you will see some agreements from the apple.
And I'm just going to sign them.
So I'm going to say a view and come over here and say I have read and hit on this a green button.
So that's how I can agree to this and go back to create my app.
So once I do that now I believe that's OK.
And it's asking me for for some tax and banking and contact information.
So if you want to solve your app for a price on AppStore then of course you're going to have to provide
that information but in my case I'm going to make my app free.
So I'm not going to fill in those numbers like banking and taxing and everything.
So I'm going to go back to my app and I'm going to say new app one more time.
And here you go.
Now I can just choose the platform from here as I U.S. and give it a name like app store test.
And here I have to choose my primary language.
So let's choose English U.S. for example.
And of course you can choose your own language as well.
If you're just targeting a specific language and then later on in the bundle the section you're going
to have to find your app.
And this is by provisioning profile comes into play since we managed to complete that.
It displays over here.
OK.
So under Eskew this stands for stock keeping unit and you have to provide the unique value to differentiate
your app from the others in the App Store.
So you can't just write whatever you want from here.
I'm just going to go for something like app store test RTL some.
OK.
And you can just use numbers and characters over here.
And after I heat create it it's saying that yep this is used before so I'm going to have to choose a
new name.
So I'm going to call this app store test still OK and say create once I do that.
Now I'm ready to go into this app store connect and had my configuration for my app.
And then later on upload my app to the App Store.
So let's stop here and continue doing that in the next lecture.